NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Now, children,
is everyone ready for the tour
of the Elf Factory?
ALL: Yes!
[BARKS]
This way, please.
[ALL GIGGLING]
ALL:
Ooh!
All aboard!
Next stop, level 99.
Hold tight!
[ALL GASP]
ALL:
Whoa!
[GIGGLING AND LAUGHING]
Aah! My tummy!
[LAUGHING CONTINUES]
ALL:
Whee!
NANNY:
Whoa!
[ALL GIGGLING]
Here we are.
The Elf Factory.
Goodness me.
Look at all this rubbish.
Don't you ever tidy up?
This isn't rubbish,
Nanny Plum.
These are the raw materials
we use to make toys.
The plastic bottles are made
into gloop.
[♪♪♪]
The old tin cans are made
into clockwork cogs.
And the old paper and card
goes into the pulping machine.
And get squished
into flat sheets,
which are folded
into new boxes for our toys.
ALL:
Wow!
That's very clever.
Elves are very clever.
ELVES:
And we're elves!
[ELVES BLOWING HORNS]
[ALL GIGGLING]
This way!
Whee!
ALL:
The Elf Factory produces
one new toy every second.
What happens
when you go to bed?
Does the Elf Factory stop?
Certainly not.
We work day and night
to make sure the children
of the world get their toys.
The Elf Factory never stops.
[WHIRRING STOPS]
Oh. The Elf Factory's stopped.
What?
Slight problem I'm afraid,
Wise Old Elf.
We've run out of plastic,
metal
and old paper.
Let's just magic up
some more.
No! Not magic.
We're elves and we--
Argh. Don't do magic.
So, what are you going
to do?
We'll simply go
to the Great Elf Tower.
ALL:
Ooh!
[♪♪♪]
To the Great Elf Tower!
What is the Great Elf Tower?
Oh, it's a wondrous place.
I've never heard of it.
The Great Elf Tower gives us all
the things we need to make toys.
How does it do that?
When big people have picnics
in the Little Kingdom,
they put plastic bottles,
tin cans and old papers
into the Great Elf Tower.
We're here!
Behold! The Great Elf Tower.
Where?
All I can see is a litter bin.
What? Big people and fairies
might call it a litter bin,
but to us
it is the Great Elf Tower.
Why are you wearing
those funny clothes?
They're not funny.
These are safety clothes.
The Great Elf Tower
can be very dangerous.
And very smelly.
Here goes!
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
Keep going,
you're almost there.
[BUZZING]
Have you found lots of things
for making toys?
Uh, not yet,
it's a bit dark.
I'll go down
and take a closer look.
Oh, dear,
I think the Great Elf Tower
is empty!
[ALL SIGH]
GIRL: Mommy, Daddy,
can I have some more jelly,
please?
[GIRL AND WOMAN LAUGHING]
Dad, I can hear
big people.
We must stay out their way.
Big people
have very big feet.
[PANTING]
Come on, Rex.
That was a lovely picnic.
Let's tidy up.
Okay, Dad.
I'll take the litter
to the bin.
Thank you, Lucy.
Come on, Rex.
[BARKS]
That's the sound
of big people.
Quick, get out of the bin!
Huh? What was that?
I said, get out of the bin!
It's not a bin,
it's the Great Elf Tower.
Just get out of there,
you silly old elf!
Excuse me?
[SCREAMS THEN GRUNTS]
Ooh. A little fairy.
Uh, hello.
[GRUNTING]
Ooh,
and a smelly little fairy.
I am not a smelly little fairy,
I'm a smelly little elf.
[GIGGLES]
It's that little girl
we met at the farm.
Yes. It's Lucy.
Hello, Ben. Hello, Holly.
We're having a picnic.
Look, Gaston. It's Rex.
[BARKS]
[GRUNTS]
He likes you
because you're smelly.
Charmed, I'm sure.
Ooh.
You've brought all your friends
from Fairyland.
This isn't Fairyland,
it's the Little Kingdom.
Load the Elf Trucks.
Right-o!
ALL:
♪ Lift, ho, lift, ho ♪
♪ Lift, lift, lift
Lift, lift ♪
♪ Catch, ho
Catch, catch, ho ♪
♪ Catch, catch, catch,
Catch, catch ♪
But why do you want
all this stuff?
We use it to make toys.
LUCY:
Wow! I love toys.
But what do you do
with all the smelly stuff?
WISE OLD ELF:
It makes lovely compost
for the elf farm.
Back to the Elf Tree!
[♪♪♪]
[HORN HONKS]
Let's get these down
to the Elf Factory
without delay.
Wow! Look at that tree.
There are little windows
in it.
I wonder if there
are any fairies inside.
Aah!
It's all right, Mom!
It's just our friend Lucy.
Oh, uh...
Uh, nice to meet you, Lucy.
Hello.
Here's a little present
to remind you of your visit.
It's our latest toy,
fresh from the factory.
Wow, thanks.
Is this made
from my rubbish?
Yes. That's why
we're very grateful to you
for putting rubbish
in the Great Elf Tower.
What's the Great Elf Tower?
He means the litter bin.
You're welcome.
Thanks for showing me your tree.
I always thought
fairies lived in castles.
For the last time,
we are not fairies.
ELVES:
We're elves!
[ELVES BLOW HORNS]
[GIGGLES]
I live in a castle, Lucy.
Come and see.
Wow! A real fairy castle.
Aah!
It's okay, Daddy.
It's only Lucy,
the little girl.
Ahem. Hello, Lucy.
How do you do?
Oh! Another little elf.
I'm not an elf.
I'm a fairy King.
Nice to meet you,
Your Majesty.
[GIGGLES]
MOTHER:
Lucy, home time!
Oh. I have to go now.
[♪♪♪]
Thanks for leaving all the stuff
in the bin.
Don't you mean
the Great Elf Tower?
[GIGGLING]
[GRUNTS]
Hee, hee.
He really does like you.
Bye, Lucy. Come back soon.
[ENGINE SPUTTERING]
Oh, dear.
The car won't start.
MOTHER:
Look. It says empty
on the petrol gauge?
No petrol?
Oh, that's not good.
Oh, I wish
we could help them.
Nanny Plum, maybe you could
sort this out
with a bit of, um,
fairy thingy.
Fairy thingy? What's that?
You know. The stuff
you do with your wand.
Oh. Do you mean magic,
Wise Old Elf?
Yes, magic.
Very well. Magic it is.
Thunder and lightning
North wind blow
Go, car, go go go
[ENGINE STARTS]
There.
Just enough fairy dust
to get them home.
Aah. We've got no petrol,
but the car's working.
Maybe this car is so modern
it doesn't need petrol.
We'll ask at the garage.
Bye, Lucy.
Come back soon.
Thanks for mending the car.
Lucy,
who were you talking to?
I met some elves
and fairies.
Ha, ha. That's nice.
The car is shiny today.
I've never seen it so sparkly.
It's fairy dust.
Ho, ho, ho.
What a sweet idea.
[ALL LAUGHING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the lake.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Your Majesty, may I present
the Elf Factory's latest toy.
The elf submarine.
[APPLAUSE]
Ah, yes.
Jolly good. Does it float?
Does it float?
Of course it floats.
Allow us to demonstrate.
We carefully chose this day
to test the submarine,
as there are no other boats
on the lake.
Hello, me hearties!
It's Redbeard,
the Elf Pirate.
Yo, ho, ho! Land ahoy!
Um, should the ship
be leaning like that?
NANNY:
Maybe it's the weight
of all that treasure.
She's sinking!
Abandon ship! Abandon ship!
[SQUAWKS]
Curses!
Me ship and me treasure,
gone down to the bottom
of the sea.
How sad.
Anyway, as I was saying,
this is a perfect day
to test the submarine,
with no boats on the lake.
But what about
Mr. Redbeard's treasure?
Yes, me treasure.
How will I get it back?
If only we had some way
of sailing underwater
to look for it...
Ah, if only...
Anyway, back to my submarine,
there's a--
The submarine!
We can use the submarine.
Clever Ben!
Hang on.
The elf submarine is a toy.
It's not for going
on adventures.
Oh, so it can't go
under water?
Yes, it can.
It'll probably sink
like a stone.
No, it will not.
Good. That's that sorted.
Captain Redbeard, our submarine
is at your service.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
But-- But--
I'll be needing a crew.
Aye, aye, Captain Redbeard.
Can I come?
And me.
I'd better come too.
If there's any trouble
I can use magic to help us.
No, Nanny Plum.
There will be no magic
on the elf submarine.
Because we're elves.
And elves don't do magic.
Yes, we know.
[SQUAWKS]
Pieces of eight!
Polly, my faithful friend,
you'll have to wait here.
[SQUAWKS]
Mr. Elf,
steer the submarine.
Aye, aye.
Ben and Holly,
wind up the engine.
BOTH:
Aye, aye, captain.
[♪♪♪]
What shall I do?
Why, you just sit there
and look pretty,
my little mermaid.
[GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
I know this lake.
I've sailed on it often.
Are you a sailor?
I was a sailor.
I'm not anymore.
Why not?
Big Bad Barry.
Who's Big Bad Barry?
Only the biggest,
gigantic-est,
most enormous fish
the world has ever seen.
He's eaten nine
of Dad's boats.
You lost nine boats?
I thought
I was a bad sailor.
I'm not a bad sailor.
I'm just unlucky
that Big Bad Barry is quite big.
And bad.
[HORN BLOWING]
REDBEARD:
Dive if you please, Mr. Elf.
MR. ELF:
Dive. Dive. Dive.
Ooh. It's so pretty.
Look.
Where? What is it?
BEN:
It's Redbeard's boat.
By Neptune, you're right.
Well spotted, Ben.
Heh. For a moment,
I thought you'd seen
Big Bad Barry.
Ho, ho! Now I can get
me treasure back.
Let's get it and go.
I don't like it down here.
HOLLY:
I love it.
All the fish and the flowers.
And that big
underwater cloud.
You don't get underwater clouds,
me hearty.
[♪♪♪]
Shiver me timbers!
It's a fish!
BOTH:
It's so big!
It looks bad.
Is it Barry?
It is. It's Big Bad Barry!
He's swimming
towards Redbeard's boat.
Oh, dear.
He's going to eat it.
No! Me treasure!
Did you see that?
He swallowed it whole.
Like it were a grape.
Oh, what a shame.
Shall we go home then?
Go home?
But we haven't got me treasure.
Well, we can't do much
about that now.
I never thought I'd say it,
but Nanny Plum is right.
Unless you want to sail
into Barry's stomach
and take your treasure back,
this adventure is over.
You're right,
me fruity pancake
Mm.
Take us home, Mr. Elf.
Aye, aye, Captain Redbeard.
[RUMBLES]
Um, who turned out
the lights?
It's all gone dark.
Where are we?
Oh. We must have sailed
into a cave.
Mr. Elf was chatting
instead of looking
where he was going.
I was parked.
Well,
we're somewhere strange,
and no mistake.
And I'll shave me beard off
if there's not something fishy
going on.
Turn on the lights, Mr. Elf.
MR. ELF:
Aye, aye, captain.
It smells fishy.
What a pong.
Where are we?
Look!
Me ship!
HOLLY:
There are more boats as well.
Aah. It's Bunty.
The boat Big Bad Barry
ate last winter.
That's my old boat
Trixibelle.
And there's Fifi.
And Miss Boo Boo!
Uh...
If all those boats
are inside Big Bad Barry...
Then we must be inside
Big Bad Barry.
By all that's wet and fishy,
you're right.
We're in the belly
of the big fish!
That explains the smell.
Just think, all those years
I tried to catch Barry,
and now he's caught me.
HOLLY:
How are we going
to get out of here?
If we could get Big Bad Barry
to open his mouth,
we could just sail out.
Oh, very clever, Ben.
Only, how do we get him
to open his mouth?
Hm. Maybe it's time
to ask for a bit of advice.
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Can someone
answer their phone?
It's not my phone.
It's not mine either.
Oh, it's mine.
Uh, hello?
Oh, hello, Nanny Plum.
Uh, what's that?
They've got good news
and bad news.
What's the good news?
They've found the treasure.
BOTH:
Hooray!
And what's the bad news?
They've been swallowed
by a giant fish.
BOTH:
What?
Are they okay?
I'll ask.
Is my submarine all right?
It's not scratched, is it?
Listen, clever clogs.
We need your help.
How can we get Big Bad Barry
to open his mouth?
Someone needs to talk
to the fish.
Nanny Plum can speak fish.
Ah.
Nanny Plum, you must
tell the fish a joke
and make him laugh.
That's an idea.
A very stupid idea,
but an idea.
What's the plan?
I'm going to tell
Big Bad Barry a joke
to make him laugh.
What utter nonsense.
It was the Wise Old Elf's idea.
It's brilliant.
Everyone back in the sub!
Get ready to sail!
Hm.
What's a good fish joke?
I know. Ahem.
[GURGLING]
Hm?
Did it work?
I don't know.
He might not get it.
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHING]
Something's happening.
I think he liked the joke.
[LAUGHING]
Full steam ahead!
Aye, aye, captain!
[♪♪♪]
[ALL SCREAM]
We did it!
The Elf Pirate Redbeard
and his crew return.
It's a triumph!
ALL:
Hooray!
So you got the treasure?
Nope.
You got your boat?
So in what way is this trip
a triumph, then?
Well, we're not inside
a big fish.
In that case,
congratulations!
Its a shame
the treasure's lost.
It's not lost.
I know where it is,
and no one will ever find it
in the belly
of Big Bad Barry.
That's true.
Of course it is,
me tasty little fruit tree.
[SMOOCHES]
[GRUNTS]
Nanny Plum,
what was the joke
you told Big Bad Barry?
It was "Where do fish
keep their money?"
We don't know.
Where do fish keep their money?
In a riverbank.
[BOTH GROAN]
That's not very funny.
I know.
It's a bit of a rubbish joke,
but then fish find
the silliest things funny.
They have very small brains.
Where do fish
keep their money?
Oh, I get it!
A riverbank!
Oh, that's brilliant!
[LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]